
--- Page 1 ---
VEHICLE LEASE AGREEMENT

PARTIES

This Vehicle Lease Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the “Agreement”) is entered into
on (the “Effective Date”), by and between

, with an address of (hereinafter referred
to as the “Lessor”) and with an address of

(hereinafter referred to as the “Lessee”) (collectively referred to as the “Parties”).

Whereas, the Parties agree that this Agreement is solely a lease-only agreement and that
the Lessee will not be entitled to any other interest except for the vehicle’s usage as
indicated in this Agreement.

VEHICLE SPECIFICATIONS

The Parties agree that the below specifications of the vehicle are accurate and up to date.

Body Type
Body Color

Miles/Kilometers
Vehicle Identification Number

Other

Year pe

PAYMENT AND PAYMENT TERMS

The Parties agree that the leasing price of the vehicle will amount to $

The Parties further agree that the preferred method of payment is

The refundable security deposit amounting to $ will be paid to the lessor
on the day of signing this Agreement.

AGREEMENT DURATION
- The Parties agree that this Agreement will begin on and will remain in
full force until unless an addendum to this Agreement is provided by the

Parties agreeing on different terms.

VEHICLE USAGE

--- Page 2 ---
The Parties agree that the usage of the vehicle will only be personal and not for any other
purposes.

LATE RETURN

In case of late return of the vehicle by the Lessee, the Parties agree that an amount of
S will be paid to the Lessor for every day that is beyond the end of the
lease period.

WARRANTIES AND GUARANTEES

The Lessor warrants the following:

He/she is fully entitled and authorized to lease the vehicle.

The vehicle is leased free of any encumbrances, legal claims, court orders and/or liens.
The vehicle is fully/partially insured.

The vehicle does not possess any damage requiring repairs amounting to more than

$

The vehicle does not possess any orders for inspection.
To solely lease the vehicle to approved drivers.

Not to request the return of the vehicle unreasonably.

The Lessee warrants the following:

To pay the full costs of fuel.

Not to take the vehicle out of the region unless a written consent is obtained from the Lessor.
To return the vehicle upon the conclusion of the leasing period.

Not to operate the vehicle when and if under the influence of alcohol or any other
intoxicating substances.

To pay the Lessor the leasing amount in full.

Not to sublease the vehicle.

LIABILITY

Under no circumstances will the Parties be liable for any indirect, special, consequential, or
punitive damages arising out of and/or relevant to this Agreement or the transactions the

--- Page 3 ---
Agreement contemplates. This is in case such is not related to the direct result of one of the
party’s negligence or breach.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

-__ Any dispute and/or difference arising out of or related to this Agreement will be submitted to
(Arbitration/mediation/negotiation) according to, and subject to the laws

of

GOVERNING LAW

-__ This Agreement will be governed by and construed according to the laws of

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

- This Agreement is complete and with respect to the subject matter herein, supersedes all and
any prior agreements, understandings, and conditions, expressed or implied, written or oral,
of any nature with respect to the subject matter herein.

- The expressed terms control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of the
trade inconsistent with any of the terms herein.

SEVERABILITY

- In an event where a provision of this Agreement is found to be void and/or unenforceable by
a court of competent jurisdiction, then the provisions remaining will continue to be enforced.

SIGNATURE AND DATE
- The Parties hereby agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and such is

demonstrated throughout their signatures below:

LESSOR LESSEE

DATE DATE
